
# Solving Contexto.me with Vector Search

[Wordle](https://www.nytimes.com/games/wordle/index.html) is a popular linguistic word game in which:  
- Each guess must be a valid 5-letter word.  
- The color of the tiles will change to show how close your guess was to the word.

This repository contains a solution to the game using letter frequency to guess the result in least possible steps.


## How to use

1. Clone the repository

2. Install the requirements

```bash
pip install selenium-wire

pip install selenium
```

3. Run the code

You can change the first word in the code from line 115. Others are generated by the algorithm.

```bash
python -m wordle.py
```
## Documentation


- Since we are using selenium-wire, there is no need to have webdriver downloaded specifically. You can also change the browser you want to use by changing line 10.
- Wordle uses two lists. One that you can guess but can never be the answers; other that contains the answer. Wordle keeps moving words from one list to the other hence the code uses both the lists.
- You can find the list when you inspect the game assets on the wordle website. For example: [Wordle Game Asset](https://www.nytimes.com/games-assets/v2/2410.d2bb6a771c6ba2063c7f.js)
- The guessable words are all ordered, whereas the answers list are unordered. I have stored them separately and used static lists to reduce the complexity.
- If there are no words possible to guess from the answers list and we still haven't found the answer, only then will the code refer the guessable list.
- When the code solves wordle, it also copies the result to clipboard so that you can share it with your friends!
- There are multiple time.sleep statements which might make the code seem slow, but they were required because it throws errors sometimes when the internet speed is slow, the webpage hasn't loaded and selenium tries to get an element.